Fix ``FullInliner`` not preserving evaluation order of call arguments (#14407)
ethereum/solidity: docs/internals/optimizer.rst

results in heavy gains, the specialized function is kept,
otherwise the original function is used instead.

> Function Hoister and ExpressionSplitter are recommended as prerequisites since they make the step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FunctionHoister and ExpressionSplitter are recommended as prerequisites since they make the step
```

Author: Fixed.

These docs are pretty inconsistent about it though. You'll find all the possible forms (`FunctionHoister`, `Function Hoister` and `function hoister`) all over the place :)
